docs(instructions): add conventional commit prompt and document in RE… (#131)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/conventional-commit.prompt.md

---
description: 'Prompt and workflow for generating conventional commit messages using a structured XML format. Guides users to create standardized, descriptive commit messages in line with the Conventional Commits specification, including instructions, examples, and validation.'

> tools: ['run_in_terminal', 'get_terminal_output']

Author: <img width="1552" height="1012" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-31 at 5 00 45 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e1c6aa49-7fcb-4674-bfa5-add22493c9e0" />

<img width="1552" height="1012" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-31 at 5 00 58 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4366dc51-d78c-402d-ab5b-5169eede093d" />

hello @aaronpowell , 
I just have attached the screenshots.

---

> Description: "Framework for generating conventional commit messages using a structured XML format. This prompt guides users through the process of creating standardized, descriptive commit messages in accordance with the Conventional Commits specification."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Framework for generating conventional commit messages using a structured XML format. This prompt guides users through the process of creating standardized, descriptive commit messages in accordance with the Conventional Commits specification.'
```

> Version: "1.0.0"

Reviewer: This is not valid front matter for a prompt file

> Created: "2025-07-25"

Reviewer: This is not valid front matter for a prompt file

> ---

Reviewer: It might be worth adding a `tools` section to specify that it requires terminal access
